Removes `PORT` from `.env` concatenation example (#51063)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/06-configuring/03-environment-variables.mdx

Next.js will automatically expand variables that use `$` to reference other variables e.g. `$VARIABLE` inside of your `.env*` files. This allows you to reference other secrets. For example:

```txt filename=".env"

> TWITTER_USER=vercel
> TWITTER_URL=https://twitter.com/$TWITTER_USER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TWITTER_USER=nextjs
TWITTER_URL=https://twitter.com/$TWITTER_USER
```

```

> In the above example, `process.env.TWITTER_URL` would be set to `http://twitter.com/vercel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, `process.env.TWITTER_URL` would be set to `https://twitter.com/nextjs`.
```
